[Music]
it's the most loved Christmas but as a
mom it's a lot of work in between the
wrapping the shopping the cooking the
decorating there's almost no time to
actually enjoy it and only one thing oh
no what is it could make it even more
stressful my mother's coming for
Christmas my daughter on Easter it's
Christmas Christmas I cannot wait in
every waking minute with you oh no
where's your tree Jim I'm a 34 year old
woman and she's still telling me how to
live my life I'm home got her hair kind
of colored exactly like we don't like to
use the word normal
you are gonna be my best friend forever
party my house yes and a hundred and
eighty four people are coming how mr.
Biswas can you put a price tag on wonder
actually find to enjoy Christmas this
year you are a mom moms don't enjoy they
give joy she's gonna keep treating me
like this until you fight her perfect
decorations know what perfect anything
passed back in Christmas come out
exactly as I planned it but you guys go
my daughter thinks that I'm so hard on
her I had a horrible mother she once
slapped me for wearing open-toed shoes
on a sailboat that was a different time
it was two months ago
number two how few days meet Oh waxes
balls slight sting on your nutsack I
don't think I've ever felt this way but
another human being in my entire life I
can pull my butt crack open for you if
you want no one's ever asked if they
could hold their backpack open for me
before I'll hold my butt crack open for
you anytime you want Carla is so
romantic every time I think I'm the
fucked-up one in this group you open
your mouth we went to prom together
oh and then I'm like I'm doing great
[Music]